# Map File Descriptions

This describes files used alongside maps.

## Compile files

<dl>
  <dt>mapname.bsp</dt>
  <dd>Binary Space Partition. The compiled and playable map file.</dd>

  <dt>mapname.ext</dt>
  <dd>Extent File. A file containing calculated face extents of the BSP. Used by RAD/LIGHT compiler to perform calculations. Not needed in distrobutions.</dd>

  <dt>mapname.log</dt>
  <dd>Generated compile log file from the BSP compiler. Not needed in distrobutions.</dd>

  <dt>mapname.map</dt>
  <dd>Map File. Generated map file from original Hammer or J.A.C.K. source file (.vmf, .jmf, .rmf). This map file is used by the CSG compiler. Not needed in distrobutions.</dd>

  <dt>mapname.prt</dt>
  <dd>Portal File. Generated by the BSP compiler and contains a list of portals in BSP file and used by VIS compiler to perform visibility calculations. Not needed in distrobutions.</dd>

  <dt>mapname.wa_</dt>
  <dd>WAD File. A wad file containing included wad files (`-wadinclude`) within the compiled map. Used by RAD/LIGHT compiler to perform calculations. Not needed in distrobutions.</dd>
</dl>

## Text Files

<dl>
  <dt>mapname.txt</dt>
  <dd>Map Description Text File. A file containing information about the map. This is no longer used, use <a href="#mapname_motd.txt">mapname_motd.txt</a> instead.</dd>

  <dt>mapname_motd.txt</dt>
  <dd>Message of the Day Text File. A file containing information about the map. This content is shown at map start.</dd>

  <dt>mapname_models.txt</dt>
  <dd>Models Text File. A file containing a list of model paths and their replacement model paths.</dd>

  <dt>mapname_detail.txt</dt>
  <dd>Detail Text File. A file containing a list of detail textures mapping. Used for overlaying detail images on existing textures within the map.</dd>

  <dt>mapname_readme.txt</dt>
  <dd>Readme Text File. A file describing the map. Not used by Sven Co-Op.</dd>

  <dt>mapname_credits.txt</dt>
  <dd>Credits Text File. A file describing credits for the map. Not used by Sven Co-Op.</dd>

  <dt>mapname_materials.txt</dt>
  <dd>Materials Text File. A file containing a list of textures and their coresponding sound.</dd>

  <dt>mapname_sentences.txt</dt>
  <dd>Sentences Text File. A file containg a list of VOX sounds.</dd>

  <dt>mapname.cfg</dt>
  <dd>Map Settings Configuration. A file for configuring map settings for the specific map. Overwrites settings in `default_map_settings.cfg`.</dd>

  <dt>mapname_skl.cfg</dt>
  <dd>Skill Configuration. A file describing skills for NPCs and monsters within the map.</dd>

  <dt>mapname.res</dt>
  <dd>Resource File. A file containing a list of resources to be pre-loaded map load for client.</dd>

  <dt>mapname.gmr</dt>
  <dd>Global Model Replacement. A file containing a list of model paths and their replacement model paths.</dd>

  <dt>mapname.gsr</dt>
  <dd>Global Sound Replacement. A file containing a list of sound paths and their replacement sound paths.</dd>
</dl>

## Resource Files

<dl>
  <dt>sound/soundname.txt</dt>
  <dd>A file describing sound paths and their replacement sound paths. The name of this file corresponds to the name of the sound used in an entity.</dd>
</dl>
